###Privacy Policy
This document serves to inform our users about our policies regarding the collection and use of data we/us (the developers) obtain trough the app ("MTG Arena Tool", "the application"), about the game ("Magic the Gathering Arena", "MTG Arena").
MTG Arena Tool gathers data from MTG Arena directly. Use this document as a reference as how we do that and what we do with the data obtained, as well as how to opt-out from certain parts of this process.
To utilize MTG Arena Tool you (the user) accepts the app will obtain information from MTG Arena directly. this is mandatory for the the application to work and cannot be opted out.

##Information MTG Arena Tool Collects:
While you use our services some information is sent to our servers. If you opt-out to provide us with this information you may not be able to access certain parts of our app, but you will still be able to utilize the rest of it with no problems "offline", "incognito" with no further connections with our servers, the only action possible once you opt-out sharing is deletion of data stored online.

Specifically, the information we collect and is sent to us contains or may contain your MTG Arena User ID, nickname, IP address, and log of events played (which may contain deck lists and match results). We do not collect any personal information about you, nor we link any of this information with any other user profiles or services you may already use besides MTG Arena and MTG Arena Tool.
Aditionally, MTG Arena Tool gathers and displays data about MTG Arena that is *not* shared with us, which cointain information like, but not limited to: decks, in-game items, inventory, history of play/games/matches, user name, progress and rank.

##How we use this information:
Your MTG Arena user ID, user name and IP address are used to indentify you and subsecuent queries to our servers as a legitimate user, as well as to keep a record of active users and (in the event of any abuses of service), deny access to our servers.
MTG Arena user IDs are also used to save user preferences and log of activity in the owner's computer. This information is *not* shared to our servers, but it is actively used by the application in order to diferentiate multiple users on the same system.
Events logs, results and deck lists are shared within the application to other users, which is visible publicly by anyone utilizing the app. This is also utilized to obtain different measurements of average deck lists, ie; most utilized cards, metagame shares, etc. Do notice we do not share user IDs publicly, and user name can be hidden from public view.
Any other information is solely used to perform offline tasks (not shared with us) and is displayed within the user interface of the app in various ways. Some of this data is stored on the user's system to keep track of settings and past games (like history of matches and obtain match win percentages).

We guarantee to never sell, share or provide access to your private data to any third parties. We will deny anyone from attempting to access or obtain this data unless we get explicit permission from the owner of such data.

##How to opt-out?
Within the user interface, browse to "Settings" and uncheck "Online sharing".
If you wish to erase all of your already-stored data click the button "Erase my shared data". You will be asked for confirmation, Please beware as this cannot be undone.


If yu wish to download a copy of all the data about your user or have any other questions or concerns about privacy or data, please contact us at [mtgatool@gmail.com](mailto:mtgatool@gmail.com)